Drag'n'drop added/existing file entries, add empty folder (#3999)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/CHANGELOG.md

## Catalog, Lambdas
* [Added] Support multiple roles per user ([#3982](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/3982))
* [Added] Add `ui.actions = False` and `ui.actions.writeFile` for configuring visibility of buttons ([#4001](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/4001))

> * [Added] Ability to add empty folder and drag'n'drop files in package creation dialog ([#3999](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/3999))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Support creating folders and rearranging entries with drag'n'drop in package creation dialog ([#3999](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/3999))
```

> * [Added] Support creating folders and rearranging entries with drag'n'drop in package creation dialog ([#3999](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/3999))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added] Support creating folders and rearranging entries with drag and drop in package creation dialog ([#3999](https://github.com/quiltdata/quilt/pull/3999))
```
